[lang] Add assembly printer for CPU backend (#7590)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/contribution/development_tips.md

  kernel compilers.
- `print_kernel_llvm_ir_optimized=True`: save the optimized LLVM IR
  of each kernel.

> - `print_kernel_asm=True`: save the emitted NVPTX of each kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `print_kernel_asm=True`: save the emitted assembly code of each kernel
```
